CardView: describe API (part 8) (#7461)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxCardView/9 Types/EditingTexts/confirmDeleteTitle.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies the title text of the deletion confirmation popup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the title text of the pop-up deletion confirmation.
```
